Hi, guys.
Worker No, you can see we are able to display these two products over the free screen and if we desire
to display this two products over the whole screen, we are going to need to follow the same as that
process we use in displaying this two products over the screen.
Right.
And which I think is going to be a very bad design.
Okay.
Now, what we're going to do is we're going to create a fly.
And in that fly, rebel have our products.
Then we are going to share that product to the rest of the fly.
That is, we are going to be able to access that product in any of these pages.
Okay.
Now, to do that, I'm going to introduce you to something known as status management provider.
Now, what we're going to do is over this deep directory, they're going to create a new folder and
they're going to call this folder pro y provider.
Then over this provider after they're going to create a new FY.
And Roberto called his FY products.
Products with X products.
That's that's okay.
Great.
They're not going to be used in the provider package.
If for any reason you don't have it in your prospect, it's YAML.
You can go to your job, the their provider and you can see we have it there.
You're going to need to add it.
Okay.
Great.
Now you're going to go back to the products that that okay we can then use control to be.
Okay.
Now, the first thing we're going to do is we're going to create a class and similar call this class
products.
Then rebels say, wait, change, that's a fire.
What this will simply do is anytime we update the products listed for that change that's going to this
is for the change we are making to that products.
Okay.
So now what we're going to do, everything is controlled.
B now then.
We are to go to the bleep.
Right.
Okay.
Then the views.
Is where we have our viewers.
Screens there are going to need to go to the fields screen.
Now for dinner theater property.
Now, we can't just copy it, so we don't have.
So there's.
Okay, just copy this.
It's NC, right?
Okay.
Just copy quality this all from you since you're going to make the products available in all the pages.
So now what they're going to do is a little pasted over here.
Yeah.
When you saw a light.
And so that's what come out what's called true.
And that's the problem.
They say, of course, the models look great.
Now kids contribute to look this way.
Now, what we're going to do is before this.
We are going to say this is a type of list.
Right.
Then the production model, that's it.
We called it products and not products.
The products is this class, right.
So we're importing the products model.
Okay.
Now that is the type of protests that we can see get protests.
That's what drives us to that model.
It feels like.
Great.
There is this.
Then it's on.
This variable could put us to.
On the score for us.
Okay, great.
So what we're basically doing is we are transferring all the guitars we have.
Over here to this rebel court put up so you can just adheres to this product's okay.
If there is any kind of assess to this, you can either use this wreckage because it is a list you can
then use dot, dot, dot, then underscore products that's in the lockouts as well.
Okay.
What is that?
I did not.
Okay for the score, cadets.
Okay.
Great.
Or probably you're going to do it this way.
Okay.
It did not work out.
So that only relates where they specify that it is a type of lease.
So there's no need for that.
Okay.
We're just trying to show you more ways you could do it, but really we already specifying that it is
the right.
Okay.
Now, the next thing we're going to do is what we agreed that we're going to do is we're going to make
this product available within all our pages.
We can even make it available in the search cart upload and the profile that is everywhere within the
app.
Now, to do this this controversy.
First of all, contract is safe.
Like I said before, it is listed for any change we are making to this product in the future.
We are going to use our base and not this product.
So the problem.
Right, is going to be coming from the firebase.
So we need to add this change that you fire.
So any time we make an object, that product is going to a sensor, it's okay.
So now to make this available in all our files.
So what we're going to need to do is go to the main tool that fly main, dot, dot.
And we can't use.
Gotta be very smart to have these red dots.
Now, we don't have the widget.
And when we are going to use contract with widgets locally, something known as multi multi provider
that is going to be here because in this is property as provide us okay for the providers what they
are going to do is we are going to say change.
Change.
Notify a provider.
Then create.
Then the next thing they're going to do, they're just going to leave this empty.
They're passing this, underscore their return to our reflection.
Then we're going to call that product.
Products.
For that.
I think we call it products.
Okay, great.
So it is basically it's this content is to say, okay, now we have access to.
All the data within that product supply.
Okay.
Then in this picture, we're going to be able to display that product we have there.
Okay, guys, see you in this picture.